docs: adding-missing-link-haw (#2739)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/how-arbitrum-works/01-a-gentle-introduction.mdx

### The game

> It's not as complicated as it seems. If two validators disagree, only one is telling the truth. In the event of a dispute, the two validators engage in an interactive game, where they respond to each other in a call-and-response format. This process allows them to narrow their disagreement to a single computational step—something straightforward, like multiplying two numbers. This step executes on the parent chain, which shows which party is honest. For a more detailed explanation, [see here](/how-arbitrum-works/05-validation-and-proving/03-proving-and-challenges.mdx#5-interactive-fraud-proofs-and-the-challenge-protocol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's not as complicated as it seems. If two validators disagree, only one is telling the truth. In the event of a dispute, the two validators engage in an interactive game, where they respond to each other in a call-and-response format. This process enables them to narrow their disagreement down to a single computational step—something straightforward, such as multiplying two numbers. This step executes on the parent chain, which shows which party is honest. For a more detailed explanation, [read the explainer on interactive fraud proofs and the challenge protocol](/how-arbitrum-works/05-validation-and-proving/03-proving-and-challenges.mdx#5-interactive-fraud-proofs-and-the-challenge-protocol).
```
